/**
 * file: karbytes_16_june_2024.txt
 * type: plain-text
 * date: 15_JUNE_2024
 * author: karbytes
 * license: PUBLIC_DOMAIN
 */

#KARBYTES_PREFERS_TO_BE_EXCLUSIVELY_AND_TOTALLY_KARBYTES_FOREVER_AFTER_INSTANTIATING_AS_KARBYTES

I am grateful to exist as karbytes. I prefer to be karbytes forever after 15_JUNE_2024. I think I would rather cease to exist (for any finite or infinite length of time) than be instantiated as something other than karbytes or what inevitably becomes karbytes for a continuous period of time no shorter than four years.

I consider my existence as karbytes to be generally more enjoyable for me than I consider my existence as karbytes to not be enjoyable for me (and I assume that such joy does not significantly diminish any other person's joy or pursuit of joy (unless that "joy" (or pursuit of "joy") is derived from intentionally attempting to diminish some other person's joy (or pursuit of joy))).

(To clarify what I said in the previous paragraph, I intend for the word joy in quotations (i.e. "joy") to not refer to the same goal-oriented and subjectivity-dependent phenomena as does the word joy which is not framed in quotations (i.e. joy)).

#WORTHWHILE

My assessment that my existence as karbytes is generally more enjoyable for me than it is not be enjoyable for me does not necessarily imply that I generally experience pleasure more frequently or more intensely than I experience suffering.

(It could be the case that I found a way to exploit my innately human nervous system to conceptualize an experience which is frought with a high degree of suffering (and suffering which might exceed the degree of pleasure in that experience) as worthwhile instead of not worthwhile (because to not do that is to declare irreversible loss which is likely to compound over a sufficiently long time period into genuinely suicidal behavior). It could also be the case that I have not found a way to "hack" my nervous system as I described in the previous sentence and that I never will (and it also might be the case that I will never feel the need to "have to" do that)).

#MY_FUTURE_SELVES

What I "live for" especially given that I tend to avoid socializing any more than what I think is necessary to accomplish my goals (which all pertain almost exclusively to extending my own personal lifespan and my own personal physiological and psychological capabilities as fully as physically possible) is to impress, inspire, and sustain the evolutionary gains of my (what I hope to be infinitely many non-overlapping in terms of instantiation period) future selves. 

(To clarify what I said in the previous paragraph, I intend for the term "my future selves" to refer to every instantiation of karbytes (i.e. the person authoring this note) which exists after the temporal point along my lifespan which occurs after I express the term "my future selves". The previous sentence in this paragraph insinuates that each discrete instance of karbytes which occurs as an element of the set referred to as "my future selves" is a unique and finite allocation of space, time, matter, energy, and consciousness (which is generated by or else is generating exactly one innately human nervous system) distinguishable from all other elements in the encompassing set by the essential attributes of exactly one self-aware, singular, non-omniscient ego. Presently, I remember only having existed as exactly one continuous (i.e. uninterrupted) and singular (i.e. not multiple simultaneous) thread of (innately human) sentience but I also remember going through multiple immediately successive phases of egoic restructuring throughout the entire time period I colloquially refer to as the portion of my life which I have already lived).

#PERSON

Throughout this note (and throughout the entire collection of public domain and World Wide Web based intellectual property (in the format of digital (binary) computer-readable files) referred to within that collection as karbytes), I intend for the word "person" to refer to an information processing agent which is considered to be part of a collaborative organization comprised of other information processing agents which each have sufficiently similar degrees of sentience and similar goal-orienting preferences. 

Not every object which I consider to be an information processing agent is a person and not every object I consider to be a person is part of a collaborative organization whose constituent information processing agent members are simultaneously inhabitating the same meta-universe. 

karbytes is a person (according to karbytes) not because karbytes currently associates with persons other than itself "in real time", but rather, because karbytes is always in collaboration with all of its future (and past) selves (but those future selves are treated by the current karbytes as having more relevance than what those past selves have (because those future selves are expected to be more adapted to the circumstances in which the current karbytes lives than are those past selves)).

#CYBORG

Finally, karbytes wants to clarify what it means when it describes itself as being a cyborg instead of merely human or human in any capacity. According to the home pages of karbytes' two personsl websites (i.e. Karlina Object dot WordPress dot Com and Karbytes For Life Blog dot WordPress dot Com) karbytes has officially been referring to itself as a cyborg (who was formerly a human born on 13_JANUARY_2024) since 19_MARCH_2024. When karbytes started to officially self-identify as a cyborg is when the aforementioned two websites authored by karbytes became robust enough for karbytes to categorize as a cyberspace extension of karbytes' innate nervous system. 

What karbytes thinks makes karbytes a cyborg is the fact that karbytes thinks of itself as partially being comprised of all the digital files comprising the aforementioned body of intellectual property named karbytes (on and after the point in karbytes' lifespan labeled 19_MARCH_2024).


